file-name	Customer Name	 Heading	  Description	TypeAHurt.jpg	A. Hurt - Greenville, South Carolina	Custom Salon	Thanks for the nice note. As requested, here are some images of the mural. It turned out GREAT! We couldn’t have been more pleased with how it all turned out. I am getting ready to write up a blog post for our Denim Salon opening, and will not forget to highlight Magic Murals. AHyland.jpg	A. Hyland - Waipahu, Hawaii	Magical Coast	Thank you so much for your fantastic product and fast, friendly service. I am currently deployed to Afghanistan from my home in Hawaii. I chose to put up a mural of a beach scene in my office to remind me of home. I get tons of compliments on it and am super happy with it. Thank you so much for the product and even more, for the great service.AKieu.jpg	A. Kieu - Villages, Florida	Custom Mural	The splendid colorful mural looks beautiful on the wall of my meditation chapter in my home. I am very happy to have the mural up on the wall today, the day is Buddha’s Birthday Celebration day at the Buddhist Temple. The image is story of the life of the Buddha: Buddha Preaching to His First Five Disciples at the Isipatana Deerpark of Sarnath Have a good week ahead. BAlvord.jpg	B. Alvord - South Jordan, Utah	Clark Gable	A Clark Gable mural from the Décor Art Gallery’s Hollywood images printed on UltraStik WallpaperBDarrow.jpg	B. Darrow - Newport Beach, California	Eiffel Tower, Paris	A custom sized mural of the Eiffel Tower printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.BHoffman.jpg	B. Hoffman - Fairfax, Virginia	Custom Mural	Thanks for creating the mural for us, it looks great in our family room!!! BPham.jpg	B. Pham - Albany, Oregon	On and On	A custom sized mural printed on Easy to Apply UltraStik wallpaper.BRogers.jpg	B. Rogers - Salt Lake City, Utah	Custom Mural	A ‘create your own’ mural printed on QuikStik removable and repositionable material.CadenceBank.jpg	Slovack-Bass	Breakroom Tree Mural	This is our third mural with Magic Murals. As with all of our projects Magic Murals worked with us during every step of the design processes--from selecting the initial artwork to the final installation. Their expertise ensured that our final photograph would translate into a clean and crisp mural image. We appreciated their speedy production of preliminary art work, strike-offs and revisions. In the end our firma and our client were thrilled with the mural!CCurry.jpg	C. Curry - Durham, North Carolina	Executive World Map	Thanks so much for the beautiful map. I put it up in my supervisor’s office and it turned out great. So great, in fact, that he wants me to put another one up in his home office. You’ll see my second order today. Thanks so much. Hope you enjoy these pictures. CeilingMag.jpg	J. Kagan, Boca Raton, Florida	Custom Mural	A ‘create your own’ mural printed on UltraStik Wallpaper material.CKwon.jpg	C. Kwon - New York, New York	Hawaiian Wave	A custom sized mural of a Hawaiian wave printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.CNelson.jpg	C. Nelson - Spencer, Iowa	Ford Fairlane Crown Victoria	It turned out awesome! I ordered from 3 different companies to get the pictures I wanted. Your paper is the most beautiful on the wall as it dried very nice. It was a little tricky getting it straight as the walls are 10 feet tall so that made it harder. All in all it was a fun experience and my garage looks awesome. Thank you and I will be in touch.CNye.jpg	C. Nye - Fort Pierce, Florida	Jardin du Roi	Thank you for the note that you sent with our mural! It all arrived safe and sound, and we love it! I wanted this long wall to appear to have windows, so I cut the mural in half and framed it in to match our woodwork! Love the peel and stick! Will order from you in the future, great service, beautiful product! CPate.jpg	C. Pate - Carolina Beach, North Carolina	Beach Window	A mural of a beach window printed on Easy to Apply UltraStik Wallpaper.CTownsend.jpg	C. Townsend - Long Beach, California	Coconut Trees	A mural of coconut trees printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik material.DCardiff.jpg	D. Cardiff, Evansville, Indiana	Train Layout Mural	A ‘create your own’ custom sized mural for a model train layout printed on QuikStik material.DSlaughter.jpg	D. Slaughter - Sandy, Utah	Aspen Woods	A custom sized mural of aspen woods printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik material.DVertz.jpg	D. Vertz - Virginia Beach, Virginia	Custom Mural	I have greatly enjoyed having this image on the wall. Now with the experience of having done this once, I look forward to the day of changing the image.DOttensmeier.jpg	D. Ottensmeier - Ducommun Incorporater 	Wall of Honor	A ‘create your own’ mural for a Military Wall of Honor printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.DAubley.jpg	D. Aubley - Laytonsville, Maryland	Winter Shadow	We love the Winter Shadow mural. It is beautiful and looks exactly like it does on the web site. My daughter and I put it up in 20 minutes. Thank you.DMartini.jpg	D. Martini - Blairstown, New Jersey	Manhattan City Skyline	A custom sized mural of a Manhattan city skyline printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.DMcFall.jpg	D. McFall - Murray, Utah	Custom Mural	Here is an image of the mural that we purchased for our operating room simulation lab. It turned out great. FCBank.jpg	First Community Bank	Custom Mural	A ‘create your own’ custom sized old time mural printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.FRod.jpg	F. Rod - Lone Tree, Colorado	Custom Mural	The repositionable material made the install easy. Once we lined it up the mural went up in no time with little or no bubbles. Even those were easy to smooth out. GManiscalo.jpg	G. Maniscalco - Pewaukee, Wisconsin	Custom Mural	Thanks for checking in, we are so happy with the product, the mural looks amazing! We love the product and services so much, we are going to order another for our son’s room!Thanks for all your help!GErnstmann.jpg	G. Ernstmann - Greenwood, Missouri	Custom Farm Mural	I’ve attached a few pictures of the mural in place.  It’s supposed to look like you’re standing on a porch looking out over the prairie.  The door is a screen door that actually goes into a storage area. I’m very satisfied with the mural. GEdwards.jpg	G. Edwards - Enfield, Connecticut	Yankee Stadium	My son LOVES his new bedroom thanks to the mural you created from my photo of Yankee Stadium. It looks so real people can’t believe the “Section 19” sign is part of the graphic -even standing only an arms length away! That speaks volumes regarding the quality of your product. And the installation was so easy! My brother helped me and we hung it in less than 30 minutes. Since our ceiling was not perfectly square it required some adjusting and repositioning but it was a breeze with the peel and stick product. It peeled off with ease and adhered the second (and sometimes third) time just as strongly as the first. I can’t say enough positive things about my entire experience with Magic Murals. Everyone was so friendly, helpful with all of my preliminary technical questions and genuinely took a personal interest in making sure my son has the coolest room ever. Thank you so much for a wonderful mural and great serviceJUyanik.jpg	J. Uyanik - Granada Hills, California	Lady of Liberty	Yes, she is looking great on this wall, isn’t she?Thanks for the great product. JFelker.jpg	J. Felker - Urbandale, Iowa	Subway Sign	A custom sized mural of a subway sign printed on Movable and Repositionable Quikstik in grayscale.JBae.jpg	J. Bae - Vienna, Virginia	French Grand Prix 1914	This is my oldest son’s room where we put the mural we ordered. It turned out great.JSalvo.jpg	J. Salvo - Jersey City, New Jersey	New York Mural	I am so happy to stumble upon your website.  The mural that you provided was the perfect finishing touch for our recently renovated EE break room.  The 3 day shipping was amazing and the installation couldn’t have been easier.  We were able to install in about 2 hours from start to finish.  The staff has not stopped complementing...it really brought life to the room!!  Thanks again JUribe.jpg	J. Uribe - Elk Grove Village, Illinois	Custom Mural	Hi, I want to share with you where I installed the mural. I like the way it looks, thank you very much. KWaltrip.jpg	K. Waltrip - Concord, North Carolina	Flags from Around the World	It was a great pleasure to work with Magic Murals.  They were very kind and helped our school get exactly what we wanted! KSoohoo.jpg	K. Soohoo - Redwood Shores, California	Custom Mural	Enclosed is a photo of the gigantic family popart photo installed in our living room. It’s really impressive and fun at the same time!KPhillips.jpg	K. Phillips - Nashville, Tennessee	Dahlia 1	We did get the Mural installed and it turned out wonderful!  It was hard to work with because of it’s size, but we made it!  Please see the attached photo.KSobat.jpg	K. Sobat - Southern Pines, North Carolina	Custom Mural	I love my mural!!  I wanted to have a big city feel in my newly remodeled art studio.  I had just been to New York City and took some photos looking out from the Rockefeller Center, so I sent one to be blown up to 10 feet wide.  The service was friendly and conscientious and I received my order in the initially quoted time frame. I ordered the QuikStik so it could be easily removed if needed. It was pretty easy to install and the decal is very sturdy, which was good because I worried about it tearing with such a wide width.  I love the way it looks and I really do feel like I’m in the Big Apple!kgilbert.jpg	K. Gilbert - Fair Oaks, California	Beach Chairs	Attached are some photos of the “Beach Chairs” wall mural I recently installed in my office. It replaced a wall mural I had up for about 20 years and turned out fantastic! Having the ability to choose a size close to what we needed, and then customize it to fit our wall space, made for virtually no waste and a perfect fit. It was easy to install and could certainly be done by anyone whether or not they have had previous wallpapering experience.  The customer service, prompt delivery and follow-up was super. Thank you. KKumar.jpg	K. Kumar - American Canyon, California	Vegetable Collage	Here are some pictures of the installed murals in my kitchen! LJones.jpg	L. Jones - Memphis Tennessee	Trade Show Murals	I’ve used Magic Murals 3 times now for our trade show booths, and the response has been nothing short of fantastic! Installation was easy even for a beginner. The Magic Mural employee that assisted me with the last trade show booth even found me murals that weren’t on the website but were of the subject matter I had requested. These were custom sized and mirrored imaged for me and shipped within 48 hours. They are, honestly, the most accommodating and easy people to work with of any online business I’ve ever dealt with. Due to the overwhelming response from our customers and the resulting sales of our product, I plan on utilizing Magic Murals many more times in the future. Whatever my vision for our booth, they can make it happen.” LDavis.jpg	L. Davis - Dove Canyon, California	Island Surfboards	My designer and I had been searching for an idea to capture fun and energy in my home office remodel.  We had a beach concept, but needed something exciting to pull it off.  After seeing this mural design online we knew we had just the thing. I was a little worried about the install as my husband and I were going to do it on our own - but after we got started it was done in just one evening. In spite of all the blue sky in the picture and the larger mural size - lining up the seams was easy to do, looks professional and got perfect results - Just what I wanted! Thanks Magic Murals! LRippey.jpg	L. Rippey - Wakefield, Rhode Island	Executive World Map	Finally put up the world map. As you can see  it came out great.  LBroache.jpg	L. Broache - Catonsville, Maryland	Poplar Tree Rows	Hi, you guys had asked me to send you a photo when we finished our room. Well, we’re finally done. Here you go. This is a basement bedroom. The murals brought the outside in, and the results are lovely. Can’t thank you enough. LCradall.jpg	L. Crandall - Studio City, California	Décor Art Galleries	A ‘create your own’ custom sized mural in sepia.MPilavsky.jpg	M. Pilavsky	Perfect Spot in Paradise	A mural of a perfect spot in paradise created for a nursery room beach theme.MHopkins.jpg	M. Hopkins - Martinsburg, West Virginia	Sepia Murals	Attached are the Wall Murals in my home. Great quality and visually awesome! MCarter.jpg	M. Carter	Grayscale Skyline	We installed the mural of the NY skyline in my grandkids’ room and it turned out fantastic.  They are inviting all their friends over to see how it is to sleep in a NY sky rise. Thanks so very much, you produced a great product.  Looking forward to ordering again soon.MKape.jpg	M. Kape - Kentwood, Michigan	Rainbow Dance	The mural I ordered was easy to hang and looks wonderful. I have an in home childcare and utilize the lower level for childcare. The vibrant colors against the silhouetted tree and children reflect the simple whimsical joys of childhood. With the children in silhouette it can be representative of any child. It was a wonderful addition to the room. We love it! MGoodell.jpg	M. Goodell	The Forest Lantern	Hello! We received our mural today and didn’t waste any time putting it up! I’ve attached a picture – we’re very happy with it! MJorgensen.jpg	M. Jorgensen - Highland, Utah	Beam from Above	Finally got around to taking a picture of the mural. It was easy to install - it was definitely easier with two people.  We had to take out time to make sure it was down flat with no bubbles, but I would say it was 15 minutes start to finish. It looks great in the room. Thank you! MVincent.jpg	M. Vincent - Rockville, Maryland	Springtime Garden	Enclosed is a photo of your mural.  We put it in our display case in our waiting room (doctor’s office).  We may order a few more for seasonal change. MDewitt.jpg	M. Dewitt - Vancouver, Washington	Roman Port of Caesarea	The mural is beautiful and looks amazing on the wall in my studio.NReyes.jpg	N. Reyes - Virginia Beach, Virginia	Tat Kuang Si Waterfall	My husband and I loved this mural and I think that normal bed frames are boring so I created a window with this beautiful mural as our view out. Everyone that has seen it has loved this idea and asked if I could do it for them I told them all you need is a great mural. Thank you for helping to make a great idea even better. PThomas.jpg	P. Thomas - Beatrice, Nebraska	Political World	Medium sized wall mural of a Political World map printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.PSantagata.jpg	P. Santagata - Cypress, Texas	Executive World Map	I’ve attached a few pictures of the “installed” world map that I purchased from your company. Everyone at the office that I installed it at, thinks it is quite amazing. It has added a wonderful look to the waiting room and also compliments all the other maps that the owner has displayed through out his office suite. I especially like the fact that it was installed on a curved wall. PBattista.jpg	P. Battista - Wheat Ridge, Colorado	Outer Space Murals	Outer Space murals printed on easy to apply UltraStik wallpaper.RCox.jpg	R. Cox - Charlottesville, Virginia	Purple Lavender Field	Very happy with our mural. Application is very smooth and the results are professional.SHall.jpg	S. Hall - Wynnewood Pennsylvania	Custom Mural	Attached please find three (3) pictures of the mural we purchased through magic murals.  We love how it turned out.  The measurements were perfect, and the instructions were very helpful.  We couldn’t believe how easy it was and as you can see it is really quite a dramatic workout room!  Thank you so much for all of your help throughout the process.  I have recommended magic murals to everyone that has seen the gym.  Take care. SMaltese.jpg	S. Maltese - Itasca, Illinois	Political World	Political World map for an office conference room printed on easy to apply UltraStik wallpaper.SDrebin.jpg	S. Drebin - Baltimore, Maryland	Custom Murals	The Mural is a collage of Old New York City pictures that was designed many years ago.  We were able, through our Graphic Artist, to redo the mural to be 45 feet long and 6 foot high for a new Goldberg’s New York Bagels that recently opened in Timonium, MD. Your company, Magic Murals, was very easy to work with and very accommodating. The price was very fair as well. If I had to grade your work from one to ten, where ten was perfect, you have a twelve in my book.  SLuper.jpg	S. Luper - St. Petersburg Beach, Florida	Coconut Trees	Custom sized murals for a store front in Florida printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.SKillian.jpg	S. Killian - Seattle, Washington	German Forest	The mural was incredibly easy to install, and it far exceeds my expectations in every way -- it is absolutely beautiful. I’m attaching two photos of the final installation in my loft. The photos do not do it justice -- in person it’s breathtaking! Thanks so much for working with me and for the amazing work you and your team do.SCangeleri.jpg	S. Cangeleri - Malverne, New York	Windows in NYC	Hope you had a nice weekend. As promised I am sending along some pictures of my magic mural. Hope you agree that it provides a birds eye view from the best seat in the house! Just awesome! SSimon.jpg	S. Simon - Tooele, Utah	Babe Ruth and the Gang	I love it!  It was hard to install as it wasn’t as easy to line up as it should’ve been.  But I have referred MagicMurals to MANY people.  I hope you’re customer base grows and grows because your product ROCKS!TSantos.jpg	T. Santos - California	Cherry Blossoms	Cherry Blossom mural printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik for a child’s nursery room.TTharp.jpg	T. Tharp - Ann Arbor, Michigan	Children of the World	Here is a picture of our children of the world mural after installation. It went up so easily! Our daughter loves it!! TShane.jpg	T. Shane - Milford, Connecticut	Custom Mural	A ‘create your own’ custom sized mural of a collage of personal photographs printed on Movable and Repositionable QuikStik.TEifolla.jpg	T. Eifolia	Safari Mural	We love the mural and our baby boy loves it too!  He lays in his crib and intently stares at all of the animal faces, and sometimes he babbles away to them as if he’s trying to tell them a story. The application procedure was easy to follow and once we got the hang of it, it was quite simple. I would suggest that it is easiest if two people work together on it with the larger murals. VHsu.jpg	V. Hsu - Killeen, Texas	Japanese Waterfall	It looks great in our living room! Thanks again for the great product! WWilkinson.jpg	W. Wilkinson - Supply, North Carolina	Beach Moon	The customer service you provide is truly exceptional!  We are extremely pleased with how they both turned out. 